Add relaxed data binding features to the module spec (#2273)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http: docs/spec/spec.md

- The base path is not allowed in the service declaration, and it is inferred from the service contract type.
- The service declaration cannot have additional resource methods which are not defined in the service contract type.

### 2.2.7. Relaxed data binding

Enables relaxed data binding for the JSON payload binding process, allowing graceful handling of null values and absent fields 

> to reduce type conversion errors and better align with inconsistent API responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to reduce type conversion errors and better align with inconsistent API requests.
```

> - For fields that are marked as optional but non-nullable, null values in the response are treated as absent fields instead of causing

Author: Fixed with [85b3cd9](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http/pull/2273/commits/85b3cd9fa68843356f16a91ec323d91c55637416)

- The base path is not allowed in the service declaration, and it is inferred from the service contract type.
- The service declaration cannot have additional resource methods which are not defined in the service contract type.

### 2.2.7. Relaxed data binding

Enables relaxed data binding for the JSON payload binding process, allowing graceful handling of null values and absent fields 
to reduce type conversion errors and better align with inconsistent API requests.

> The following rules applies for relaxed data binding in addition to data projection,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following additional rules applies to data projection used for the relaxed data binding,
```

}
```

##### 2.4.1.10 Relaxed data binding client

Enables relaxed data binding for the JSON payload binding process, allowing graceful handling of null values and absent fields 
to reduce type conversion errors and better align with inconsistent API responses.
- For fields that are marked as optional but non-nullable, null values in the response are treated as absent fields instead of causing
runtime failures.
- For required fields that are absent in the response are treated as null values instead of causing runtime failures.

```ballerina

> final http:Client relaxedClientEP = check new ("http://localhost:9090, {

Reviewer: This should be either:
```bal
final http:Client relaxedClientEP = check new ("http://localhost:9090", {
    laxDataBinding: true
});
```
Or
```ballerina
final http:Client relaxedClientEP = check new ("http://localhost:9090", laxDataBinding = true);
```

I prefer the second one

Author: Fixed with [db00e84](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http/pull/2273/commits/db00e84940320fd5f8b88372714dbb12e1a89101)

}
```

##### 2.4.1.10 Relaxed data binding client

Enables relaxed data binding for the JSON payload binding process, allowing graceful handling of null values and absent fields 
to reduce type conversion errors and better align with inconsistent API responses.

> The following rules applies for relaxed data binding in addition to data projection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following additional rules applies to data projection used for the relaxed data binding,
```
